Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#3339)
jenkins-infra/kubernetes-management: CONTRIBUTING.md

    Signed-off-by: Joe Smith <joe.smith@example.com>

## How to debug deployments

```
helmfile template --no-color -f clusters/<cluster-name>.yaml -l name=<release-name>

> ```

Reviewer: As I proposed in https://github.com/jenkins-infra/kubernetes-management/pull/3339#pullrequestreview-1218779000, could you, please:

> - Keep the section "How to Contribute to an Existing Chart" but change it with:
>   - Rename to "How to Contribute"
>   - Add a first bullet telling to start by opening an issue on github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk explaining the goal, before the PR
>   - Add another bullet telling that the jenkins-infra chart contributions are described in another repository (link: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helm-charts/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: > As I proposed in [#3339 (review)](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/kubernetes-management/pull/3339#pullrequestreview-1218779000), could you, please:
> 
> > * Keep the section "How to Contribute to an Existing Chart" but change it with:
> >   
> >   * Rename to "How to Contribute"
> >   * Add a first bullet telling to start by opening an issue on github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk explaining the goal, before the PR
> >   * Add another bullet telling that the jenkins-infra chart contributions are described in another repository (link: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helm-charts/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

yes I working on this, apologize for delay

Reviewer: @ADITYADAS1999 no worries, there is no emergency in this matter. Take the time you need, don't stress for this. My message was only to ensure that information was not lost since we work asynchrounously.

Author: > @ADITYADAS1999 no worries, there is no emergency in this matter. Take the time you need, don't stress for this. My message was only to ensure that information was not lost since we work asynchrounously.

thanks [dduportal](https://github.com/dduportal) 😃, you very super active in community.

    Signed-off-by: Joe Smith <joe.smith@example.com>

## How to Contribute

> - If you want to report an issue or a bug with one of the services run by the Jenkins project, opening an issue on here! https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk and explaining the goal and expect results, before the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to contribute, to report an issue or a bug with one of the services run by the Jenkins project, open an issue on [the jenkins-infra/helpdesk repository](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk] and explain the goal and expect results, before sending a Pull Request
```
